README.md, before:

![alt text](png-logo.png "# Project Navigation game")

Project Navigation Game is a game which helps to uncover problems in your project, which you didn’t know you had! It covers all project areas: budget, scope, objectives, people, organisation, practical arrangement and more. The game also helps to build up the team.

## Contents of the game set

263 unique playing cards<br/>
printing 4/4 colors<br/>
size: 63 x 88 mm<br/>
(test print version included)

Quad-fold boards<br/>
printing 4/4-colors<br/>
unfolded 254 x 254 mm (folded ~127 x 127 mm)

Box<br/>
Printing 4/0-colors<br/>
size: 139.7mm x 139.7mm x 76.2mm

Instruction booklet<br/>
printing 4/4-colors<br/>
size 130 x 130 mm<br/>
3 sheets (=12 pages)

Reference guide<br/>
printing 4/4-colors<br/>
size 130 x 130 mm<br/>
2 sheets (=8 pages)

## Other included material

Harvest Canvas<br/>
/docs/assets

## Not included

Game tokens

## [More information](https://projectnavigationgame.futurice.com)

copyright (c) 2019 Futurice

![alt text](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License")

Commit message:

Remove confusing extra pages from pdf files and fix readme to display booklet materials accurately.

README.md, after:

![alt text](png-logo.png "# Project Navigation game")

Project Navigation Game is a game which helps to uncover problems in your project, which you didn’t know you had! It covers all project areas: budget, scope, objectives, people, organisation, practical arrangement and more. The game also helps to build up the team.

## Contents of the game set

263 unique playing cards<br/>
printing 4/4 colors<br/>
size: 63 x 88 mm<br/>
(test print version included)

Quad-fold boards<br/>
printing 4/4-colors<br/>
unfolded 254 x 254 mm (folded ~127 x 127 mm)

Box<br/>
Printing 4/0-colors<br/>
size: 139.7mm x 139.7mm x 76.2mm

Instruction booklet<br/>
printing 4/4-colors<br/>
size 130 x 130 mm<br/>
3 sheets (12 pages)

Reference guide<br/>
printing 4/4-colors<br/>
size 130 x 130 mm<br/>
2 sheets (8 pages)

## Other included material

Harvest Canvas<br/>
/docs/assets

## Not included

Game tokens

## Printing instructions

If you prefer to print the "Instruction booklet" and "Reference guide" as spreads, those files are included in /print. For printing as pages instead, see the folders included in /print/optional-formats.

The "Reference guide" is the first two spreads of the "png-covers" file. The "Instruction booklet" is the third spread of the "png-covers" file and has its contents in the "png-booklet" file.

The /print/test-print folder contains duplicates of files "png-board.pdf" and "png-box.pdf" because it is intended to display the complete test print set to avoid confusion.

## [More information](https://projectnavigationgame.futurice.com)

copyright (c) 2019 Futurice

![alt text](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License")
